Introducing load_key hook in zfsbootmenu/lib/zfsbootmenu-core.sh (#452)
zbm-dev/zfsbootmenu: contrib/README.md

- `zbm-sign.pl` - A Perl script, suitable for use as a generate-zbm post-run
  hook, that will sign ZFSBootMenu EFI images for use with Secure Boot.

> - `load_key_clevis_hook.sh` - This is a proof of concept for automated dataset unlocking
>   in trusted environment using clevis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `load_key_clevis_hook.sh` - A proof-of-concept hook to decrypt ZFS filesystem keys using `clevis`.
```
